Title,Abstract
"Non-Fungible Token (NFT): Overview, Evaluation, Opportunities and Challenges","The Non-Fungible Token (NFT) market is mushrooming in recent years. The concept of NFT originally comes from a token standard of Ethereum, aiming to distinguish each token with distinguishable signs. This type of token can be bound with virtual/digital properties as their unique identifications. With NFTs, all marked properties can be freely traded with customized values according to their ages, rarity, liquidity, etc. It has greatly stimulated the prosperity of the decentralized application (DApp) market. At the time of writing (May 2021), the total money used on completed NFT sales has reached?34,530,649.86?USD. The thousandfold return on its increasing market draws huge attention worldwide. However, the development of the NFT ecosystem is still in its early stage, and the technologies of NFTs are pre-mature. Newcomers may get lost in their frenetic evolution due to the lack of systematic summaries. In this technical report, we explore the NFT ecosystems in several aspects. We start with an overview of state-of-the-art NFT solutions, then provide their technical components, protocols, standards, and desired proprieties. Afterward, we give a security evolution, with discussions on the perspectives of their design models, opportunities, and challenges. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first systematic study on the current NFT ecosystems."
"Mapping the NFT revolution: market trends, trade networks, and visual features","Non Fungible Tokens (NFTs) are digital assets that represent objects like art, collectible, and in-game items. They are traded online, often with cryptocurrency, and are generally encoded within smart contracts on a blockchain. Public attention towards NFTs has exploded in 2021, when their market has experienced record sales, but little is known about the overall structure and evolution of its market. Here, we analyse data concerning 6.1 million trades of 4.7 million NFTs between June 23, 2017 and April 27, 2021, obtained primarily from Ethereum and WAX blockchains. First, we characterize statistical properties of the market. Second, we build the network of interactions, show that traders typically specialize on NFTs associated with similar objects and form tight clusters with other traders that exchange the same kind of objects. Third, we cluster objects associated to NFTs according to their visual features and show that collections contain visually homogeneous objects. Finally, we investigate the predictability of NFT sales using simple machine learning algorithms and find that sale history and, secondarily, visual features are good predictors for price. We anticipate that these findings will stimulate further research on NFT production, adoption, and trading in different contexts."
Quantifying NFT driven networks in crypto art,"The evolution of the art ecosystem is driven by largely invisible networks, defned by undocumented interactions between artists, institutions, collectors and curators. The emergence of cryptoart, and the NFT-based digital marketplace around it, ofers unprecedented opportunities to examine the mechanisms that shape the evolution of networks that defne artistic practice. Here we mapped the Foundation platform, identifying over 48,000 artworks through the associated NFTs listed by over 15,000 artists, allowing us to characterize the patterns that govern the networks that shape artistic success. We fnd that NFT adoption by both artists and collectors has undergone major changes, starting with a rapid growth that peaked in March 2021 and the emergence of a new equilibrium in June. Despite signifcant changes in activity, the average price of the sold art remained largely unchanged, with the price of an artists work fuctuating in a range that determines his or her reputation. The artist invitation network ofers evidence of rich and poor artist clusters, driven by homophily, indicating that the newly invited artists develop similar engagement and sales patterns as the artist who invited them. We fnd that successful artists receive disproportional, repeated investment from a small group of collectors, underscoring the importance of artist collector ties in the digital marketplace. These reproducible patterns allow us to characterize the features, mechanisms, and the networks enabling the success of individual artists, a quantifcation necessary to better understand the emerging NFT ecosystem."
"Non-fungible token (NFT) markets on the Ethereum blockchain: temporal development, cointegration and interrelations","The market for non-fungible tokens (NFTs), transferrable and unique digital assets on public blockchains, has received widespread attention and experienced strong growth since early 2021. This study provides an introduction to NFTs and explores the 14 largest submarkets using data from the Ethereum blockchain between June 2017 and May 2021. The analyses rely on (a) the number of NFT sales, (b) the dollar volume of NFT trades and (c) the number of unique blockchain wallets that traded NFTs. Based on the number of transactions and wallets, the Ethereum-based NFT market peaked at the end of 2017 due to the success of the?CryptoKitties?project. As of 2021, fewer transactions occur but the traded value is much higher. We find that NFT submarkets are cointegrated and feature various causal short-run connections between them. The success or adoption of younger NFT projects is influenced by that of more established markets. At the same time, the success of newer markets has an impact on the more established projects. The results contribute to the overall understanding of the NFT phenomenon as an emerging asset class and suggest that NFT markets are immature or even inefficient."
The Non-Fungible Token (NFT) Market and Its Relationship with Bitcoin and Ethereum,"Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are transferrable rights to digital assets, such as art, in-game items, collectables, or music. The phenomenon and its markets have grown significantly since early 2021. We investigate the interrelationships between NFT sales, NFT users (unique active blockchain wallets), and the pricing of Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH). Using daily data between January 2018 and April 2021, we show that a Bitcoin price shock triggers an increase in NFT sales. Also, Ether price shocks reduce the number of active NFT wallets. The results suggest that (larger) cryptocurrency markets affect the growth and development of the (smaller) NFT market, but there is no reverse effect."
TweetBoost: Influence of Social Media on NFT Valuation,"NFT or Non-Fungible Token is a token that certifies a digital asset to be unique. A wide range of assets including, digital art, music, tweets, memes, are being sold as NFTs. NFT-related content has been widely shared on social media sites such as Twitter. We aim to understand the dominant factors that influence NFT asset valuation. Towards this objective, we create a first-of-its-kind dataset linking Twitter and OpenSea (the largest NFT marketplace) to capture social media profiles and linked NFT assets. Our dataset contains 245,159 tweets posted by 17,155 unique users, directly linking 62,997 NFT assets on OpenSea worth 19 Million USD. We have made the dataset publicly available.1"
Understanding Security Issues in the NFT Ecosystem,"Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) have emerged as a way to collect digital art as well as an investment vehicle. Despite having been popularized only recently, NFT markets have witnessed several high-profile (and high-value) asset sales and a tremendous growth in trading volumes over the last year. Unfortunately, these marketplaces have not yet received much security scrutiny. Instead, most academic research has focused on attacks against decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols and automated techniques to detect smart contract vulnerabilities. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to study the market dynamics and security issues of the multi billion dollar NFT ecosystem."
The NFT Hype: What Draws Attention to Non-Fungible Tokens?,"Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) can be used to represent ownership of digital art or any other unique digital item where ownership is recorded in smart contracts on a blockchain. NFTs have recently received enormous attention from both cryptocurrency investors and the media. We examine why NFTs have gotten so much attention. Using vector autoregressive models, we show that Bitcoin returns significantly predict next weeks NFT growth in popularity, measured by Google search queries. Moreover, wavelet coherence analysis suggests that Bitcoin and Ether returns are significant drivers of next weeks attention to NFTs. These results indicate that the remarkable increases in prices of major cryptocurrencies can explain the hype around NFTs."
The Evolution of Nonfungible Tokens: Complexity and Novelty of NFT Use-Cases,"Nonfungible tokens (NFTs) have recently drawn considerable attention, highlighted by a digital art piece that sold for $69M USD in early 2021. Though they have only just started receiving coverage by traditional media outlets and interest from casual observers, the foundations of NFT technology date back to advances in computer science in the late 1970s. In this article, we examine the emergence of NFTs, from their technical origins, the introduction of blockchain technologies and the first token-based collectibles that led to modern day NFT products. We categorize the current use cases for NFTs, introduce their potential future applications, and highlight the challenges managers face in incorporating them into their existing workflows. By presenting our NFT adoption framework, we offer managers strategies for evaluating the risks and benefits of NFTs."
Non-Fungible Tokens (NFT). The Analysis of Risk and Return,"This study examines the risk and return characteristics of the NFT-based startups listed on the cryptocurrency exchange. Our investigation is motivated by the recent surge in the NFT activity on the part of creators, investors, and traders. We begin by proposing novel classification of the existing NFTs that range from NFT blockchains through NFT metaverse to NFT DeFi. Next, we establish that NFTs: 1) earn 130% on the first-listing-day; 2) yield an investment multiple of 40 (roughly 4,000%) over the long-term, which is four times higher than bitcoin during the same period; 3) deliver positive and significant alpha and exhibit above-average beta. We also show that the NFT segment of the cryptocurrency market leads market recovery following the mid-2021 crash and generate a return of close to 350%. In the final analysis of the paper, we find that NFT infrastructure integrated within the existing blockchains increase market valuations of these networks."
Non-Fungible Tokens (NFT)  Innovation beyond the craze," The COVID-19 pandemic has pushed digitalization and digitization across all industry sectors and blockchain is considered an innovative frontrunning technology with regards to applicability and usability in these challenging times. Blockchain technology has enabled access, through the process of tokenization, to assets that, until now, could not be traded quickly and easily. Tokenization is one of the cornerstones of Decentralized Finance (DeFi) and a native functionality of multiple blockchain architectures. The properties and features of a token unlocks a variety of economic possibilities, besides the main function of using it as fuel for the network itself. A basic definition of a token refers to a digital asset that is created, issued and managed on a Blockchain or Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) infrastructure, and is designed to be highly secure with an instant transferability property. With the advancement of smart contracts, some built-in functionalities have been developed and programmed, which helped push the tokenization process to new heights. From real estate security tokens that represent fractionalized properties to platformspecific tokens that incentivize the use of a particular application, tokens have emerged as a secure and digital alternative for users across the world to access, trade and store value. The Content Creators and Art industry is going through a paradigm shift with the introduction of Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs), as the space is acquiring a large number or artists hoping to capitalize on the innovation and distribution power that blockchain technology is offering. What digitization first removed from art, blockchain is trying to bring it back, reshaping the art world with viable tools for provenance, authenticity and distribution. In this paper we will assess the innovative approach of NFTs in different sectors, with an in-depth analysis of their usability and impact. We will be focusing on the features of NFTs to ensure scarcity, traceability and proof of ownership, amongst the most essential properties needed to create, store and maintain the value of an asset."
"NFT, copyright and intellectual property commercialization","The invention of disruptive technologies broadens the horizon of opportunities for intellectual property owners. The very idea of selling copyright works in a digital space and using the same to form a digital currency is disruptive. This is one opportunity Non-Fungible Token (NFT) offers. But that disruptiveness raises certain questions and provoke the consciousness to wonder if NFTs are a form of intellectual property, or whether NFT would shift the paradigm of copyright law as we know it. Governments through her agencies are also caught in the unrestlessness of deciphering what NFT means and whether it holds any value for intellectual property. This article will address the relationship between NFT and copyright, the forseeable problems and solutions, and how NFTs are channels for intellectual property commercialisation."
NFT Wash Trading: Quantifying suspicious behaviour in NFT markets,"The smart contract-based markets for non-fungible tokens (NFTs) on the Ethereum blockchain have seen tremendous growth in 2021, with trading volumes peaking at 3.5b in September 2021. This dramatic surge has led to industry observers questioning the authenticity of on-chain volumes, given the absence of identity requirements and the ease with which agents can control multiple addresses. We examine potentially illicit trading patterns in the NFT markets from January 2018 to mid-November 2021, gathering data from the 52 largest collections by volume. Our findings indicate that within our sample 3.93% of addresses, processing a total of 2.04% of sale transactions, trigger suspicions of market abuse. Flagged transactions contaminate nearly all collections and may have inflated the authentic trading volumes by as much as 149,5m for the period. Most flagged transaction patterns alternate between a few addresses, indicating a predisposition for manual trading. We submit that the results presented here may serve as a viable lower bound estimate for NFT wash trading on Ethereum. Even so, we argue that wash trading may be less common than what industry observers have previously estimated. We contribute to the emerging discourse on the identification and deterrence of market abuse in the cryptocurrency markets."
A Blockchain Based Decentralized Computing And NFT Infrastructure For Game Networks,"The market value of the Gaming industry was said to be over 138 Billion USD in 2019. Competitive Gaming or eSports was already included in the Asian Games 2020, and the Olympic committee is considering including eSports into Olympics 2024. The online gaming segment amounts up to 7 quintillion bytes of internet traffic every month. Most of this data is controlled by centralized gatekeepers like cloud agencies and game creators. This is causing many issues ranging from privacy concerns to latency. The game makers have complete rights over the game to arbitrarily change the rules, set prices for the assets, and control over game servers. Even the reward mechanisms in most of the games, including eSports, are controlled by the game producers, and these rewards have no real-world value. The motivation behind this research is to create a decentralized computation and token management infrastructure for game networks. This paper focuses on using Ethereum Blockchain, IPFS and ERC - Ethereum Request for Comment 1155 architecture to build a gaming-oriented public decentralized network."
What is Non-fungible token (NFT)? A short discussion about NFT Terms used in NFT,"Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) may initially sound like a fancy jargon, but they are actually rather simple to comprehend. Blockchain-based non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are digital items that are often linked to one-of-a-kind digital material, like music or photographs. A multi-billion dollar NFT market has appeared overnight thanks to a recent flurry of public interest. NFT collections are being produced by brands like Coca-Cola, Nike, and conventional artists like Damien Hirst and Grimes, as well as mainstream consumer goods businesses. Individual NFTs may fetch millions or tens of millions of dollars [1]."
Tokenfication - The potential of non-fungible tokens (NFT) for game development,"In recent years, there has been an increase in the interest in non-fungible tokens (NFT) to purchase digital art and has shaped a new form of art collecting. The art community has a long history of challenges and opportunities with the commercialization of art. More recently, there has also been an interest in the purchase of game art as investments or collecting. With the advent of blockchain currencies, NFTs have introduced a way for investors, collectors, and game developers to purchase or sell game art. However, the potential of NFT for the games and game development industry is manifold. In this paper, the authors will reflect on the potential of NTF's for game developers and content creators."
When makers meet the metaverse: Effects of creating NFT metaverse exhibition in maker education,"The main purpose of this paper is to conduct empirical research on the effectiveness of application of a metaverse in maker education. While the control group of students participate in a general maker class that encourages making digital content for relevant contest participation, the experimental group was treated to register their digital artwork as an NFT certified by blockchain technology and display them in the metaverse as a form of a virtual exhibition. The study findings show that while there was a significant statistical difference in terms of creative problem-solving and creative curiosity for both groups, only experimental participants showed improvement in creative cognition. In addition, following the addition of the metaverse treatment, a significant statistical improvement was found in terms of a sense of achievement towards their making process as well as ownership of their making products. Furthermore, the sentiment analysis collected from students' reflection papers reveals that the compounding result of their opinions, appraisals, complaints, emotions, or attitudes towards the metaverse exhibition was generally positive. Based on the findings, this paper suggests a new maker education model by expanding the previous one, TMSI (Thinkering, Making, Sharing, Improving), to a concept of TMIOS (Thinkering, Making, Improving, Ownering, Sharing)."
